An indie puzzle/sim game where you work in an elderly home.

# Pitch

**Synopsis:** It has been a tough year for your family, economically. As a high-school senior, you think of using your summer holidays to work in an elderly home run by Mr. Grimberg and win some money. While there, you get to know a little bit more about the residents and explore their memories, past, and their final days here on this little planet we inhabit.

**Gameplay:** Your final objective is to gain the most money in your 30-days work period. However, we will spin the idea on its heads:

Every day, you have the option to "skip" the day (that is, gain 10$ and the game jumps to the next day) or do something personal, so in the end, if you skip all days, you will gain the MAXIMUM AMOUNT (and therefore, get the "best" possible ending). 

If you choose to do something personal, you can visit the elderly home and work in minor tasks, such as getting medicine for the elderly, rearranging their bedroom furniture, playing games with them, getting something at a relative's house, etc... you DON'T WIN money by doing these things, in fact, you have the option to LOSE money to complete additional quests, like buying a flower to give as a gift, etc...

Each day that passes, a certain number of events can happen: a relative visits, something needs fixing, an elderly passes away, etc... you can choose to act or not.

One of the most important aspects is to discover the likes and dislikes and memories of each elderly, which will slowly decorate their room, and when you "collect" all memories, you have the option to recreate the most tender memory of that person, as a "director", in the best way possible.

**Characters:**
- You: a high-schooler, but a "blank slate" for the player to fit himself in.
- Your father: never appears directly and is only mentioned in the introduction and around day 20.
- Otto: An elderly working class man. He is the first one you'll help.
- Dr. Butler: An elderly doctor and a very smart pianist. She's the second person you'll help. 
- Mr. Grimberg: The elderly and somewhat wealthy owner of the home which he created for him and his friends. He has no surviving family. He is the final elderly you'll help. Around day 27.

**Themes:** The game, is, of course, about dealing with death and most importantly, what we leave behind. In this case, the player has absolutely NO reason to engage in the memories and lifes of the elderly, since skipping days give you the best result in "pragmatic" terms, however, if you choose to engage with the memories of the elderly, then you have understood the point of the game: taking care of someone's memories will never output material gain, but personal, subjective ones.

And of course, another more "somber" part of the theme is that you while in the gameplay you can recreate the most tender memories - adding new aspects to make imperfect moments perfect - you cannot change reality. It's relishing to explore deep in the past and try to think how we could change it for the better, but it doesn't change the present - nor the future, specially when you consider that the elderly will pass away somepoint in the game.

In the end, you're faced with an empty room: it is yours, and it will slowly be decorated with memorabilia or pictures of you and every elderly you helped, as the credit roll.

**Art Style:** Piano music generated by movement of your character and the graphics will be watercolor-y.


 
